I had a question so whereas between
series a series B about three million
annualized Revenue we have uh there's no
in between as in we raised the series
about a year ago you're honestly you're
assume you're unfundable until you hear
otherwise thank you
um and that applies to everyone in the
room
no that's good I laugh I laugh and I
want to hear a question but if I can
provide some advice even in June of 2023
every founder I meet is too optimistic
about funding today there are so many
VCS here
to shake a stick out feces have not gone
away VCS have raised bigger funds than
ever but every VC I talked about that
I've known for years in the Green Room
whether they're seed or series we all
said the same thing like we're just not
seeing a lot of deals we're just not
getting a lot of deals done
um and they're getting like did you did
you see the iconic growth session in
this room it's okay if you didn't
they're one of the great growth
investors well they did zero deals last
year zero one of the best growth funds
they did five this year so it's back but
everyone's default now so I I know it's
not I just I'll answer a question you
didn't ask
dude you're not between rounds
you have you are unfundable until
someone tells you otherwise everyone was
between rounds and 20 and 21. we're
pre-series B we're we're pre-a we're
doing our third pre-a round and what
happened in 2021 for further privileged
for the privileged the the and I said
this in my opener but it's worth saying
again 2021
just taught everyone the wrong lessons
because funding got easier people really
thought they were between A and B right
and um it's so hard out there and it
should be hard out there we could talk
about white but anyhow I know it's not
the question you're asking but to
everyone else there is no between a and
b or CNA or B and C you are unfundable
for now I'll restate my question we're
an unfundable company no no no no no no
no no no it's good context I didn't mean
to pick on you I I appreciate it I knew
I was going to get roasted I just wasn't
sure it was going to be that funny let's
step back you've got about four million
in Revenue you're doing well you've
raised a series a round yep that's right
and we generate both recurring software
revenue and also non-recurring
Professional Services we have a pretty
complex what's the ratio uh it's about
50 50. right now okay that we'll come
back to that but okay I get it so and
what are your what are your Blended
margins what are your Blended Blended
margins about 70 okay so it's still
pretty high so the yeah we we see a
future where we can pull out more of the
Professional Services either automating
into the platform or with partner
programs and I'm I want to think about
the timing of that how long do we
intentionally stay close to customers
and it's a great question Professional
Services versus start to build those
kind of programs
yeah the question let me it's a great
question and I was just talking with a
couple Founders about it and I've lived
it through several Investments I've made
including the one that sold for 300
million that we were talking about
um the question is if you have one of
these businesses where Services really
enable the product to work right these
are just to help folks start or to deal
with the fact you didn't build a few
features you should have built out of
that your onboarding is bad like
sometimes Professional Services solves
bad onboarding you're talking about
there are especially there's a lot of
verticals where you really where that
domain knowledge really helps people use
the software right you need both
together right is that something like we
have medical research yeah medical
environmental all these things it's very
common that
you know big customers want a solution
and software alone is often not the
solution they want experts along with
the solution right so here's the here's
the conundrum
and it and the impact of economy changes
based on macro
we got to be a software company
we got to be a software company so at
some point that means
at least 70 percent of our Revenue has
to come from software not Services
ideally 80. I've written this up a few
times on saster Viva went public which
is at 30 billion 70 30. qualtrics was
like 80 20. palantir is most interesting
I wrote a palantir when you go to saster
and search palantir palantir was like 18
software until the year before their IPO
and they flipped to like 70 in one year
okay now some of that I bet is financial
Shenanigans because it's too fast but
palantir was basically a services
company and then became everyone
wondered because it was so mysterious
before it happens palantir really a
services company with custom software or
is it software company well it was a
services company that magically before
its IPO became a software company okay
so you know where you have to skate to
eventually to go big you have to skate
to 70 or more look at look at Viva look
at qualtrics
look at palantir too and to raise that b
no one on planet Earth wants to fund a
Professional Services Company you know
that right I'm not saying I mean you are
unfundable it doesn't mean you'll be
unfundable forever you might be fundable
this afternoon right if you've got a
great meeting here but no one I don't
know any series B investors that want to
fund 50 50. right so you have you
probably have to answer this before your
Series be around in part but
this is my experience with coming this
but
geez these service go be careful because
you can throw out the the solution with
the software I've seen this happen too
many times is Founders get all this
advice that you have to be all software
they dump the services business when
it's a solution business it's not a game
it's a solution business and the
customer it just gets much harder to
close the customers
right yeah and so when you compare Aviva
or a qualtrics that always had a high
level
to to make their products work to a
palantir that waited until the last
minute
um I don't know the answer but if it
were me I would actually and this is
different advising or something I would
keep that mix as long as your funding
allows it knowing almost nothing about
your business but pattern matching
because when you make the solution worse
you lose some of your magic
right so I would be careful with the
advice I would be careful with the
advice to change too quickly I would be
careful advice to dehumanize the support
until the software really can replace
these very specialized folks with
medical knowledge and others I'd be
careful and
always and it's a mistake we can make as
CEOs especially and it's an
understandable mistake is you can do too
much for your VCS and money
right and I used to joke about someone
told me this in many years ago that
every software product has a feature
that that's only used by one of their
investors
okay
and if you went to Adobe sign which
Adecco sign was started in 2005 if you
went until about a year ago there was a
notes tab so that when you see signed a
contract okay you could write some notes
about it hey this was Michael and
Jason's contract and that note was
searchable through our search index and
it was very cool
and one of our investors said you gotta
have like I know all about contracts you
got to make notes on your contracts and
so we built it it didn't take that long
all the way through our acquisition like
three people used it and it took a whole
tab it took a whole tab in our app and
uh so but that didn't like that wasn't
like dumping our services business but
it was clearly doing something to make a
VC happy that was unnecessary we all do
that but take it to an extreme it's bad
advice right so what do you think the
answer is yeah I so I would like to stay
as close to our customers as we can that
some of the other advice I've gotten is
don't really think too much about it
until you're at 10 million plus ARR and
you really understand I like that too I
like that too yeah stay as close you are
just just figure out where you are
between palantir and Viva and look at
them but I think that's the right advice
right all right thank you
hi first sasser's wall uh thanks for
coming absolutely uh I have the
um maybe The Misfortune of having argued
with you once on Twitter about uh doc
send and I apologize for that well I
mean I was right
[Applause]
yes you want to know the trick to being
right
having done it before and made the
mistake just don't speak up unless you
are that's the problem with Twitter
everyone's talking and talking about
things that they might be right about I
just try to hold back and then I'm sort
of kidding but I probably what did I say
uh I think it was about don't send doc
sends to VCS if you're selling if you're
selling if they're selling put it behind
11 firewalls and 28 passwords you've got
to figure out who's doing the selling
right that's that's the theme that's the
problem with the advice I understand I
didn't come here to argue about
dachshund no no we're not arguing that's
that's just the subtlety it did get me
interested enough to come to the
conference thank you for coming
um my question is this uh
traditional sales LED model not a
product like model uh group 3x last year
raise the series B so we were fundable
congratulations
um
growth stalled out what growth growth
stalled out well as you saw in the
charts today you're not the only one
right right
um had built up a sales org including
the VP of sales read a lot of your stuff
on that
now I've got to go back in and rebuild
how have you approached this in the past
and is it usually the founders just got
to basically go back in and run sales do
you hire a new head of sales well let's
step back for a minute how big is or was
the sales team
12 if you include the technical sport
okay and you still the VP of sales left
or she he's still there and wants to
stay through this tougher period it's
committed yes and how many of the 12 are
sort of kind of hitting quota now
three three and what is what three or
four I'd say three three and then three
are sort of covering their costs or
something like that yeah okay or or not
depends on the quarter what does your VP
of sales want to do
uh
uh iterate and iterate and try to make
things better yeah okay well that's not
illogical right
okay so but but here's the like I'm
gonna ask you to ask the question again
because you still have your VP of sales
you have confidence in her or him
I think the challenge is that the things
we did that worked you know 18 months
ago don't work anymore that's true of
half the room right yeah but that but
the question is do you have a person
that is agile enough to evolve The
Playbook or not I think I think the
problem we've got is that we've we've
now had a number of quarters to evolve
it and hasn't and I've been off doing
other things now I've come back to it
and I've realized we've got to iterated
faster so I guess the question is like
have you seen it doesn't necessarily
mean that I need to
fire everyone or fire individual people
but the question is like have you then
seen those VPS of sales get layered
let's say they want to continue to work
but it's they're not going to be
they're running it or have you seen
Founders usually come in and say run
this whole thing or basically need to go
out and find a new VP of sales I mean I
I know it's an unusual moment because we
haven't seen Not Unusual everyone not
everyone's been through what you've been
through but almost everyone's been
through some version of that right where
there's a phase change things get harder
right it's not always it could be in a
good year it even happened to people in
2021 things got harder and you have to
understand what to do with a somewhat
expensive team that is now
underperforming right and so let me step
back I wrote this in a math on a saster
post people you can search it's and I've
updated a couple times what to do with a
good but not great VP of sales and I'm
not saying that's your person but the
math holds and I did some math of what
happens in a typical model if you have a
bad VP and it doesn't mean they're not
great somewhere else I'm not criticizing
them as humans but bad at your company
you usually see performance decline from
founder lead sales it's all the time a
Founder will have a certain level of
quirky efficiency with two AES they'll
bring in uh the wrong not bad the wrong
BB sales and efficiency goes down that's
sort of unfixable right Revenue even
goes down that's bad right a great VP of
sales is in one quarter you're selling
more okay whether you're selling 10 more
or 100 more that's a sign of a group
that in one quarter or less or one cell
cycle it's materially better
then there's this middle area where
things are still growing
um or in it if it's struggling that
you're still hitting what you think a
CEO is reasonable growth given the macro
changes reasonable growth and what you
usually find is if you get rid of the
good but not great VP of sales
and don't have a plan don't have someone
to replace her or him don't have a
strategy I see companies go into a
spiral they often struggle to recover
from and this is this is a tough part of
the CEO job who do I have do I have bad
again in air quotes doesn't mean they
won't go somewhere else and crush it
or do I have an okay and I think the
article sound okay but not great and you
can I put all the bath in a spreadsheet
and you've got to be really careful and
understand it's hard right and you can
look at it quantitatively you got to do
it quantitatively but you have to add
like a toughness factor to it right and
I see too many emotional passionate CEOs
go off and fire that head of sales
and then for a year there's no one
they don't have a plan
there's no one okay now sometimes if
they're bad what often happens is you
there's a there's a there's a there's
someone that steps up on the team like
that number one rap becomes the team
lead and the sign of another side of a
bad VP of sales is it gets immediately
better when they leave
because the rest of the team steps up it
happens all the time for a bad VP of
sales but you have to decide that bad or
okay and I'd be very cautious about
making the replacement if they're okay
in this environment and there's no I put
the math in the article but you got to
make your own virtual that's that's
that's the challenge but the job as
being the leader so
okay the second point is about leveling
or topping someone I guess my learning
over the years on this
and look it's really stressful and we
all go through it you know I'm hitting
10 million 20 million third this I'm not
sure Bob can still do it or Jane can
still do it and I'm worried they'll quit
if they do it right the answer is always
be 90 transparent and do what the
business needs to be done and be open
about it and sometimes they will quit
but it's it's okay like it sucks but
it's okay you don't don't hide the ball
don't try to do a stealth search unless
you magically find someone like if you
bump into someone here and their your
new VP of sales and they're clearly
better you did a stealth search
congratulations walk her into work on
Monday uh and things will be good but
you can't do a half-assed search you
can't do something and um I've recently
gone through with two of these toppings
or levelings
um with a company at about 30 million in
Revenue
um went through it with one and the
person wanted to be a CMO and
immediately quit immediately quit did a
lot of did and things are worse without
him now they're they're not bad but
they're clearly worse and it stinks that
they left and it took a few months to
hire the person but this person was
unwilling when Anna able to get to the
next level so you had to take the
medicine
um and then they did it with the head of
sales and brought in a real cro that
this person looked up to and respected
and sales was faster it was it resisted
at first but the deal was we're only
going to bring in someone that's that
you that you agree is better than you
and that you agree will enable you to do
better there was some resistance there
was some crankiness to the interviews
but they aligned on that candidate and
the person's a lot less stressed and
doing a lot less better today as a VP of
sales with the cro above them right
so I I guess my learning is you can't
these these topping thing or leveling
thing like you can think about it for
weeks and days and try to play games or
whatever but at the end of the day just
do it just be you know 100 transparency
is too much I think but 90 is pretty
good
right
hopefully it's helpful it was thanks
hi first time at tester as well love it
thanks for coming
um
so so far I understand that the topic of
this event is efficiency so I'll ask
sure seems to be the theme of the Year
doesn't it yeah I'll ask a rapid fire
question how do you respond to cold
emails and what it takes to write a code
a great cold email in 2023
how do I respond to cold emails in
general for investing or for what reason
in general
well look you can go to saster.com and
we have a big search box in the middle
and I will show you and I have an
article titled two cold emails I funded
for Millions
and and I have another article if you
search cold email VCS and I have David
sacks Keith raboy Eileen Lee
um Sacha Patel from Homebrew who did
chime and plaid and me all shared
examples of how they respond to cold
emails those are pretty good folks if
this if you've heard of them right I
mean some of them have some weird
political views but they're pretty darn
good investors okay so and I put real
examples of the actual emails from talk
desk which is worth 10 billion in
another company the original emails
they're all in this thing and so look
the answer is and you can ask one
follow-up question because cold emails
is a great theme
amazing great emails that are perfect
that solve your problem as a buyer for
real right now or as an investor that
are jaw dropping Investments get opened
that the this you know here's the thing
you know are you are you CEO no I'm the
head of sales okay well fair to sales
too the weird thing about CEOs
even have huge companies is almost all
of them open all their emails they sit
in front of their their phones and their
computers and look they don't open the
dumb emails and they don't go to the
promotions tab okay but if you're a CEO
and someone sends you an email with a
headline that's going to solve your
problem imagine your problem is I need a
VP of salesman it's not your problem
right or maybe you need a director of
outbound okay and you get an email and
it's from me and I'm like I've got the
best director of outbound candidate for
you you're going to open that in four
seconds right
and CEOs of the biggest companies open
the perfect outbound email in an hour
that day unless they're out they all do
and they ignore all the other ones but
they see the headlines they see the
headlines
um and it's true up and down the stack
and that's why amazing outbound works
for sales it works for marketing it
works for raising fund the mistake
everyone makes the mistake
uh mediocre sales people make is they
think a Cadence is going to work or they
think a form email where they replace uh
you know vendor with uh with secure
frame is going to work the same content
or an A an SDR asks if they can pick my
brain or buy me coffee you can't buy a
CEO coffee right the stupid emails don't
work and even the mediocre ones but the
one you spend two hours on researching
and you solve their problem it always
works it always gets opened
it always gets opened right and I listen
when I first started as a sassio I
didn't really I tried to do it myself I
was terrible at it right I I wrote dumb
emails and it didn't really work I had
done it before I closed a six million
dollar customer from a raw e-mount email
before I can tell you that story but
then when I got into SAS I didn't get it
but then I was in again an early dream
Force event and uh two of our customers
I was on a panel with Jeff Yoshimura
who's now CMO at uh sneak snack sneak
right in the London sneak he's a CMO and
uh but back then he was at Salesforce
and he put together this panel and it
had success factors which got bought for
three billion by sap and the head of
sales operations was there
and they were talking about products
they used and he said I use Echo sign
now Adobe sign and I'd even we didn't
even know we're on the panel together
right exactly maybe he knew I didn't
know it was like wow he's like why'd you
use why'd you pick us he's like well it
was you know this is the early days of
these signatures the 30th of the month I
couldn't get my damn team to getting
these contracts signed and I got a cold
email by someone at your company and you
said if we can get you up and running
today and sign your contracts on the
internet and he's like this was my
friggin problem that week and I get a
thousand pitches for sales tools and not
but that was the one one he needed and a
three billion dollar company became and
I didn't even send the email right but
it wasn't a random spam of uh you know
meat for coffee it was here's exactly
what we do for your peer companies for
your competitors can I do it for you
sent to the right person the right buyer
at the right time
right it's that simple right and if you
don't invest the time on outbound I
really don't think it works in 2023. too
many sdrs don't invest the time too many
there's still too much spray and pray
too many cadences too many dump everyone
in a list and do no work it can work to
to impact the funnel and to move things
on the funnel but it's it doesn't work
for Royal pound yeah is that helpful
yeah as I have a um do I have my
follow-up question though sure yeah yeah
all right let's go uh there's a lot of
Buzz right now around sales people
building personal Brands it's not really
a selling activity it's like it's not
really moving a needle forwards like
right now but on LinkedIn it's
everywhere what's your take on that like
my take is that I think sale
spent at least half their time building
their own brand rather than selling
their product I think they should spend
60 70 just on LinkedIn promoting
themselves not selling
but I think it's great if you've had at
least two weeks of experience of an SDR
is if you share your learnings with the
world for hours a day hour I see so many
as I've been I've been Str for four
weeks now let me tell you how to do
outbound
and and after that by my course
yeah
I think I think
listen LinkedIn feed is very interesting
I don't think any of us expected that
LinkedIn feed would get as big and as
visceral as it is right right now the
engagement first asked Europa is higher
on LinkedIn than Twitter that certainly
wasn't true four or five years ago it's
crazy the best stuff the best summaries
of this event the best photos the best
long-form content I mean I do love
LinkedIn I use LinkedIn a lot myself
um and and what do I think of it for
Revenue professionals and leaders right
I do think
a modest amount of it is good for your
next job
okay as an individual contributor so I
think we're looking to get to know
people right and we look at social media
and we look at the you should look at
the dumb things they put on Tick Tock or
Facebook and you should not hire people
that say inappropriate or sexist or
problematic things on social media don't
hire those people that say that say
inappropriate things on the flip side
you can reach someone on LinkedIn and
see if they say very intelligent things
about
not just themselves but maybe their
product some of them what's your company
called woodpecker
woodpecker okay woodpecker yeah imagine
I'm Reese I want to hire someone and
this person on LinkedIn this young
sales exec tells me 12 amazing reasons
to buy woodpecker like I'd want to hire
that person and vice versa so if you do
it well it is a great way to Showcase
your skills in a way that's hard to do
for an IC for a leadership
I think a thoughtful careful way of
doing it really helps with recruiting it
really helps with recruiting but people
get it wrong because they don't know
what to do you know the best VPS of
sales spend 25 30 of their time
recruiting and you need to do that
one-on-one you need to do it manually
and you need to create excitement around
your startup often that no one's really
heard of writer has other issues and I
think a handful of folks do this very
effectively on LinkedIn but 80 of folks
take it too far they spend too much time
they give cut and paste advice and I I
see and and and and they judge
themselves on the number of followers or
views they have on LinkedIn but I don't
think that helps them hit quota
right so like most things quality over
quantity and moderation I think is the
key right seeing a couple great posts
from someone on how to do sales and your
industry really interesting scene eight
a day maybe I wouldn't make that higher
all right thanks yeah
hi
um my question was I rude hold on sorry
sorry please
thank you
um I'm a new AE
um I would be super curious to hear a
story of yours about a time you had to
make a really difficult business
decision perhaps related to Integrity
um what happened what did you do at what
point in your career was this
um and would you have handled it the
same way today
around Integrity uh I can try is there
any angle of it it's it's a it's
actually there's a lot of elements to
Integrity is there anything rattling
around your brain or is it just a
general question
more a general question just how to deal
well with difficult situations
especially when Integrity is a priority
to you
um
look I think I'm uh it's a it's a boy I
think about this stuff a lot
um
people may disagree with me there's two
sides to every many stories not every
story I I generally think
being objective I think I'm one of the
highest Integrity people out there and
the more time that goes by the more
benefits I get it from it and the more
hurt I get by it because the more people
will throw you under the bus the more
people will wrong you
um literally without getting into
details right before I got here someone
took millions of dollars away from me
that I earned for them okay millions and
millions of dollars I earned for them
they just took it away
um I won't tell you why this is people I
helped for years and they did it because
they could and there was no reason to do
it they did it out of just sheer greed
or whatever this just happened to me
again and so the longer you're in the
game the more this is going to happen I
had a very good friend
who started his own startup and um very
incredibly creative and talented but
probably too emotional to be a CEO right
probably at the edge of unstable maybe
past the edge unstable but so one of the
most greatest product Geniuses I ever
had and he just melted down being to see
how he could he hired a great
engineering team because a great leader
and he the customers liked him but there
was it was just too much for him and he
would break into a sweat and I calmed
him down I became his advisor
um I I got him in front of a bunch of
VCS I helped him raise his round I did I
I turned to God that wanted to quit he
begged me to be Co he didn't want to do
it and um I did it for I did it out of
loyalty and friendship and he sold the
company for 150 million dollars later
um good outcome for him
and I never asked for a nickel
um but he gave me a hundred thousand
dollars of stock options which is not a
lot of money compared to what it is but
it's not nothing right it wasn't
honestly it wasn't going to impact me
either way and a hundred thousand out of
150 million for what I did is not the
most generous advisor Grant in the
history of mankind okay
but I didn't even read The Advisory I
just signed it and it had vesting in it
and he started the vesting really late
and
technically under in the acquisition he
could decide whether to fully give me
the hundred grand or give me 18 000 that
invested
I made this guy about five million
dollars before and I got him his 150
million dollar exit what do you think he
did with the with the money
gave me the 18.
I told him to you know just keep it
wow just keep it
just keep it
um but it still rattles around in my
head right I had another bot I had an
early boss earlier in my career
who I came in I was hired
to do a specific role I was I was in
business development I was on a I had a
30k bonus on a 150 base for a VP of
Business Development I went into a
company and I had a specific Business
Development Goal to hit it turned out to
be technically impossible okay
um the company lost all of its Revenue
it was going to go out of business Co
was going to give up I went out I
pitched 200 VCS
200 VCS and raised him 40 million
dollars all he had to do was show up to
the meetings no everyone else in the
company given up raised him 40 million
dollars
he sat me down after in the conference
room he said you saved the company
here's your bonus
because he gave me 10 out of the 30.
I said Tim
thank I I I get that I did not hit my
initial kpi but I really I got you the
40 million you're about to go bankrupt
it's like yeah but you didn't hit your
goal
I thanked him I said keep your check I
said I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm fine I'm
here I'm on your team just keep your
check I don't need it I didn't quit or
create any drama I just gave him the 10K
back
so about two weeks later he sheepishly
gave me the the 30 grand wow
um so I I don't know if these are the
questions that you're asking
um and I maybe if you asked him and he
was here he'd say well Jason was great
but I'm glad he gave me the 40 million
but he didn't hit his other goal he
didn't earn it like he forced me he
forced my hand
um I could keep going if I could think
of some other stories
um
and there's a lot of them but then
but then there's some magic
that happens
um there's some magic that happens
um and I have made
I've been a good investor I've been at
OK founder I've done other things but I
will tell without getting into too many
details
Founders that I have helped I have made
literally millions of dollars
that
out of them doing the right helping me
being being grateful then I didn't ask
them for a dollar now maybe if I had I
would have gotten millions and one
dollars but not hundreds I've made
millions of dollars from Founders being
appreciative when I went the extra yard
to help them uh and so you know someone
a couple weeks ago took away millions of
dollars not tens of millions but it's a
lot of money others folk I mean I I have
more life experience than you so I know
these numbers sound big but I'm giving
you hopefully like I don't I don't think
there's any Karma out there I've decided
after all these years that the people
that mistreated me many of them did
pretty well
I actually think the folks that really
hard my founder they gave me the 15K did
fine like he was a CEO he then became
the CEO of a company that went public he
made about 40 more million dollars and
retired he seems to be doing fine
right the guys that stole my millions of
dollars they made they just made tons
more money and they're gonna they're
they're fine they're going to live in
their chaotic neutral or whatever world
and I see no Karma out there at all and
but
but people do startups because they
think it's a positive sum game people do
real people do startups because they
think that the pie grows the pie has to
only can only be 100 but if we all grow
the pie we can do something where we
don't have to steal from each other you
don't have to you can be successful as
an AE without taking away revenue from
your colleague without stealing their
it's not Glengarry Glenn Ross hopefully
in software because the company grows
the leads aren't fixed they grow each
year we we go into this you especially
can't be a leader if you don't think
it's a positive some game if you're a
zero-sum or negative some person go work
at a hedge fund or something else right
so if you make you're gonna make a few
bad bets in your career and you're going
to feel thrown under the bus and treated
but if you get if you don't get jaded
and this will be the last point I'll
make you can ask a follow-up if you
don't get jaded and you're good and you
stay in the game
um you there is no Karma it will not be
fixed the person that wronged you will
go on to success but you will probably
get other shots and other chances to
benefit from this positive some game
that is startups and why I think the
best of us do it
right I don't know if that's what you're
asking but maybe there's some helpful
stories those were super helpful thank
you so much
my follow-up I'll take it in a little
bit of a different direction since
you're talking about VCS a lot for me as
an account executive
what would you recommend as far as
my relationship to VCS so
um we tend to work in an account based
way and most of my accounts aren't
connected to VCS of ours but is there
something that I could be doing that
would be wise as far as even just
understanding VCS better like can I be
better for my clients through
understanding did you sell to VCS
um no we sell to game development
Studios
I I don't I think that
look my first you know
uh I I I I I've worked one or another
adjacent to VC since my first tech job
so I'm a little jaded on it because I
think this stuff is boring it's the same
crap over and over again uh that it's
pretty but I recognize that 99 of the
world thinks it's opaque right and
sometimes I write some SAS articles on
VC and I think oh my God there's like a
12 000th article the same thing and
people love it right people people love
VC day today and a lot of the great
folks that I know a lot of the folks
that spoke I thought this was some of it
was very specific and great with data
but some of it I think I don't need to
hear this story again but it's it's so I
forget that most folks don't have that
much experience right and it's weird
episodic opaque experience so in some
ways I'm not the perfect person to ask I
but I wouldn't what I find is you do
want to learn about VC and we had a
whole VC day today we published a lot of
SAS run content and we do Workshop
Wednesdays which are live with VCS that
you can attend you want to learn just
enough to know how the world works you
want to learn how fundraising really
works why companies get funded what the
bar is to raise you know I joked about
with our friend here about not being
fundable between A and B but that was a
joke but what is that like you might not
know isn't any what that means but he
knew what that meant right that to
understand what I said you want to get
that smart but any smarter is not a good
use of your time until you're raising
money okay thank you so much sure
hi
um my questions about the simple role of
luck in success you've roll over luck
look at luck so you see Founders who
like is staying in the game
well cast the question oh it's so
nervous um so you see people you see
Founders who hustle they hire the right
people right they come to disaster and
absorb all the advice they can but
things that work out what proportion of
do you think What proportion of people
and Founders have that fate and what
lessons can you draw from that have What
proportion of Founders have sorry full
proportions of people do everything
right as far as anyone might say and
still fail and still fail and what
lessons can be drawn from that
um
well look my
I think that all the metrics on startups
that fail that 90 fail I think these are
Sony baloney metrics
um I think
truly great Founders truly great that
have a great CTO and CTO or a CTO that
can be both that can build amazing
software that do not quit that commit
for years not months but years and that
understand a market
um I've seen zero percent fail
I've never failed in my entire career
from startups I've never I'm not I'm no
whatever Aaron Levy or David sacks or
any of these folks I'm not as good as
Edith who I know well I'm not as good as
Parker I'm not even close I'm not even
close but I've never failed
but I've almost failed every time
almost failed every time my first
startup
um
we had it was tough times we did need to
be venture-backed for the way we did our
our technology all the VCS pulled their
term sheets
we ran out of we I literally we could
not make payroll
I finally I had two weeks left
okay there was no way to make payroll I
went out I closed six million dollars of
contracts and shipped our product in two
weeks six million of Revenue and shipped
our products in two weeks
I finally got a term sheet but only if I
would personally pledge 750 000 to back
the company I had eight thousand dollars
in the bank
um but we did have a house so I had to
pledge the house to the VCS but I
freaking did it
that's me I know Parker Conrad I did it
but it almost failed right uh you know
to skip ahead I give you other stories
where we almost failed right and Adobe
sign Echo sign we screwed up I had to go
for I mean I I had some money for my
first shot I had to go 14 months without
any salary to stretch it after having a
salary but I didn't quit my my other
co-founder walked out the friggin door
and never came back
said he was taking parental leave he
came back eight months later for one day
and then turned around and left
he quit smarter than me he is smarter
than me he quit if if I did what him I
would have failed but I took no money
and didn't know nothing and never quit
and got on planes and finally found Dell
and finally found GE and finally found
BT and Comcast and closed them and it
took two years longer than it should
have and I had no salary but I didn't
quit
and I recruited pretty good people not
perfect but I kept recruiting good
people so that's me this is just me I
give you other stories for my I'll give
you more uh even with our little team at
saster we have seven people march 2020
came on we were the first major event to
be canceled by covid by Santa Clara
County we lost 10 million dollars in one
night
we lost 10 million dollars in one night
with seven people
a bunch of the team quit
Amelia who may or may not be here right
there
that night she didn't go home and
started dealing with everything and
fixed everything in 30 days we couldn't
get the 10 million but we fixed all
these issues she didn't quit half our
team quit
they're good people but they quit
there's a theme there right uh and I
look back on different cohorts um
and I just think of the peers I've had
at different phases of my life the ones
that had great co-founders great ctOS
and were pointed in the right direction
didn't quit they they've never failed
okay and I'll give you a couple when I
started investing
um I I kept a very tight a very tight
box on who I'd invest in I had a couple
rules
um they had to be pointed in the right
direction and they had to be better CEOs
than me
because I knew if they were appointed in
a if they had a somewhat better unit
economics a somewhat better price point
than I did and they were better than me
if I didn't fail what are the odds
they're going to fail
zero right so and I just kept doing that
again and my first investment was
pipedrive that sold for 1.5 billion in
cash when I invested early second one
was algolia there are 200 million in
revenue and worth 2 billion the third
one is talk desk the CEO was the only
person in the country with Five Guys in
Portugal they're worth 10 billion
dollars today okay the fourth one was
actually Greenhouse who sponsors out
here they were worth 800 million or 200
million today they never quit they never
quit when it got hard right the fifth
one was sales off which you may know
they sold for two and a half billion in
at the end of 2021 they had to Kyle had
to abandon his first product to see how
I did something his first product before
sales off was the product that it has
stayed a different product called
prospector that had seven million in
Revenue LinkedIn threatened to sue them
and they had to abandon 7 million
revenue and start from scratch he didn't
quit did he
so he took a product that went from
seven to zero
and built it into two and a half billion
dollar exit okay so you embed on those
folks and they don't lose do they
so look that's the long-winded answer it
wasn't easy when when thiago's who's the
CEO of 10 billion our talk test came to
saster Europa 2018.
I invested when it was him and four
Engineers right but they were at a
million in revenue and it I knew it had
taken them two tough years with like no
money like she just got a little money
from 500 startups he had no nothing to
get to him he did it from from dirt and
that's hard enough right to do that with
no money then I found out before that it
was so bad before those two years he had
to babysit to make the company happen
not just not it was so rough he had to I
mean that's pretty tough but he never
quit did he so it's a lot of stories I
don't know if it's helpful you can also
want to follow up but I I my answer to
all this is Cry Me a River it's supposed
to be hard it's supposed and the best
ones almost fail and Daniel dines again
from uipath this morning or yesterday 10
years to a million in revenue for a
uipath that's at a billion today he
didn't quit 10 years how many people
would wait 10 years to get to a million
in Revenue
I mean pretty pretty crazy right I mean
maybe you would so but he could I'm sure
he could have quit anyway on the way to
10 years to a million in revenue and so
startups are supposed to be for crazy
people in the early days right but any
of the last point I'll make and then
I'll shut up but you can ask a quick
follow-up where but so these are my
stories and I'm hopeful they're
illustrative right where do people in my
experience still fail like this okay and
um
the number one way they really fail and
this is something as Founders as
business Founders you should reflect on
the number one reason I see these
failures happen is when the CEO is like
pretty good they're committed they'll do
it for 10 years they'll run up the hill
they'll hustle they'll get the sales but
the CTO isn't that good
it's too competitive today you can't
sell a mediocre product everyone has
competition if you don't think you have
competition you have competition for
Budget no one is going to go bankrupt if
they don't buy your product absent a few
crazy security products and where I see
failing is when a CO especially CEO that
hasn't built software before doesn't
know it how to build great software or
is not a great recruiter starts off with
an okay technical co-founder that they
found on Craigslist or something or I'm
joking but I see this too often and you
want to bet on the CEO and you want to
invest in them and you want to support
them and then and then you know I'll
often I do a lot of seed investing and
and most Founders tell me I'm the only
investor that has to talk to their CTO
no one else does but I always do and I'm
looking for a CTO that's better than the
seal I'm looking for a CTO that's so
amazing I ask what do you what what
features do you want to build like what
do you what kind of software do you like
to build what do you like to do on the
weekends what do you think I want to
hear someone that's a hacker that that
wants to Triple the output of their
software that has seven features they're
going to launch next week I don't want
to hear someone that's talking about how
they wear Prada shoes and like it's
really hard to get the release out like
you got to run from those people or or
they don't know or they're intimidated
or they're scared you gotta it's too
many business Founders fail without a
great seat that's what I see the root
cause in SAS right but I know it's crazy
but if you know a space like who the
heck needs another who needs a sales off
competitor a greenhouse competitor or a
HubSpot a better pipe drive but
these are old products and if you have
an amazing Co and a CTO that makes your
jaw drop into space you can win in the
most competitive space in the world
because there's always white space
there's always something that whoever
vanta or secure frame or vendor or
HubSpot or Outreach that are here or
anyone there's always something they're
not doing I don't know what Outreach is
out I think they're like 250 million in
Revenue they're probably not handling
the smallest part of the business that
well are they it's not worth it right so
you can all the best teams they may not
have a 10 billion dollar outcome but
they always can build something great if
they're committed and they know the
market and are tenacious right and where
you lose as an employee where you lose
as an investor
is when you cut that corner when there
isn't the great cicho or they're pretty
good or they're not fully committed but
um you know not to ramble but the beauty
to software is like I mean some of it's
pretty hard but a good team can build
anything with apis and Frameworks today
you can build anything a really great
CTO can build anything go build meal
whatever go build me a sales automation
tool go build me a sales intelligence
tool here's Zoom info go build me a
better one here's the idea here's what
we like go build me a part of HubSpot
that's better HubSpot is amazing right
it's one of my favorite companies but
this company started 15 years ago you
can build a piece of HubSpot that do
build HubSpot for restaurants build
HubSpot for taxi cab owners right a
great team can do it can't they so sorry
if it's too too much you can ask
follow-up question but I I just think
the rambly answer if this is helpful the
best founder is bend the odds
they bend the odds they turn that 90
failure rate into 0.9 but they almost
fail all the time everyone has an almost
failure story they all not all of them
there's a few that I know I remember I
asked Doug song who founded Duo security
which Cisco bought for a couple billion
I'm like what was your rough year well
actually we didn't have one
he's the only one but everyone else
every other founder I've ever asked on
stage you know Stuart Butterfield slack
slack almost failed his tiny Speck it
started off as Tiny Speck they lost all
the money right
um but they didn't quit they built slack
as a side project Stewart offered to
give all the money back to Andresen you
can just Google this he said we failed
the tiny spec you want your money back
Andreessen said this slack thing looks
pretty good you're a good founder just
go do it don't quit didn't quit had a 27
billion dollar exit right so they bend
the odd Stuart bent the Stewart and and
Cal and the team bent those odds because
they failed right a tiny spec it failed
and they burnt out way half the money
but they didn't quit
no thanks no thank you
thanks so a bit of context
um I'm the head of Revenue at a B2B
business called trustkief um caught one
million dollars of ARR and uh we do data
protection as a service so we help other
Tech startups comply with things like
gdpr
um we're about to embark on this journey
from one to three million and there's
just one if you have any thoughts or
advice to share as you go into that
Journey because it's quite different
from zero to one well
um how um how much time do we have just
a time check are we over a few more
minutes fifth ten more minutes um how
quickly do you want in from one to three
how quickly
um maybe in the next two years
is a lot different than one year if you
think about the human beings that you
need right yeah
um we're bootstrapped so I would say
within the next two years that's
probably the time frame that we'd be
looking at if we could do it in one
that's great but yeah
okay so ask the question is what should
you do in this phase yeah what advice do
you have on the journey who else is on
the sales team besides you um it's me
and SDR and the founder probably spends
about 60 of his time in the revenue
function as well so we've got a pretty
lean team well look I think
there's a lot I mean there's a lot of
what what most folks do wrong almost all
CEOs I remember I actually did it with
Sam and Parker in the early days of
zenefits and then they got it they got
it right is they just don't calculate
just the amount of human capital it will
take to hit these numbers okay and they
usually get it wrong
um and the faster you're growing the
more you get it wrong because you need
the you need the scaled human beings to
hit the plan three to six months from
now not to hit the plan now right so the
faster you're growing the harder the
math it is the slower you're growing the
more you have time to get the people and
look but let's step back from it you
want to go from one to three we'll come
back in two years so you want to add
plus two million over two years let's
simplify even though the Math's wrong to
one million over the course of a year a
little less than a million yeah
um probably you and your CEO can do a
million with the SDR but it would help a
lot to have one good AE so the really
simple math is in the next six months
you should hire one great person to your
team and then buy and then if you want
to go from one to three you that's not
fast enough right in one year but if you
only want to you should obsess obsess
about not hiring a salesperson but one
great AE will move the needle for you
right and then hire another like you
have the Lux if that's the growth what
you want to you can hire these AES
sequentially so you'll need one more to
hit the plan next year and you'll need
one or two more
the following year
and depending on the physics of your
model like you have one scr you know as
great as she or he is that there's a
chance they want to be a promoted or
leave so you need two like you always
sort of need two of everything to make
it work for redundancy so you need two
AES and two sdrs is kind of the nuts and
bolts it might not be the question
you're asking but it's what you need no
that's that's really helpful also where
the follow-up question then a guy came
up here earlier and said he's got a team
of 12 AES and uh like three of them are
hidden Target yes where do you stand on
the balance between marketing and sales
because I feel like every business I
speak to is way over indexed on sales
and it isn't touching marketing so where
do you stand on that like if you get 1A
and an SDR what do you have a thoughts
on the on the marketing side as well
so I I think it's a really good question
that could go a lot of ways first of all
I think your observation is a good one
in astute one which is
and almost all founders
uh over put more energy into sales and
marketing for a variety of reasons they
don't know demand gen sometimes I don't
trust it if they haven't done it they
think it's too soft so that is an issue
also there's another reality that in
most startups sales consume so much of
the oxygen it's so human-centric it
takes so much time that marketing gets
ignored in a sales driven organization
almost by almost by default right even
our little saster team seven people when
we do our daily scrums 80 of its sales
for us and like everything we do all the
contents in this event costs money but
everything else is free the week
webinars are free the YouTubes are free
SAS universities free we generate so
much content all the time but 80 of our
conversation is about those little
sponsor booths that are out there right
so um
but um how do you address it well I
think that the simple answer is you
can't fully but the key is
to help do you have like a real head of
Mark demand gen marketing today we've
just we've finally found a freelance
marketing director who who we're getting
along with really well they've got like
a good strategic know-how but they're
also happy to get stuck in and it's
taken about a year and a half before
that person I'm worried they're a
freelancer and I'm worried you said
strategy but putting those big points
aside oh just uh they they can do the
strategy but 80 90 of what they're doing
is actually getting there so
usually the reality is when you have a
CEO that has not lived demand gen or ABM
or all these other things you at least
help her him find a great person if you
can what you have and then promote it
and educated and built like Sterling
talked about this morning promote that
partnership come up with joint goals and
promote joint wins and and try to
elevate the level of marketing in the
same way it's attention that sales gets
and it will then get more attention than
it deserves
nice thank you God and then just at a
bait I know this is obvious but
especially if they're a contractor
consultant make sure they're part of
this at least the pseudo management team
and have do you have the weekly staff
meetings we do yeah weekly leadership
meetings is she coming to them this
marketer well I would change that that's
the one thing if you change that next
week even if you have to twist the CEO's
arm
um either you will find out that person
is not a leader because they don't come
or you will change the whole if the
person doesn't have a seat at a table
this is true in so many things it's true
inequality it's true if someone doesn't
have a seat at a table they can't really
influence the decisions can they
so that's that's one quick hack you can
do and Watch What Happens
um they may quit your freelancer they
quit when they have to show up to them
but you'll find out you know I do well
we end up hiring them so yeah but it may
be great that's what I would do bring
them to the staff meeting thanks that's
really helpful thank you